hello friends welcome back to movie on
with another explanation of a crime
thriller movie called now you see me the
imdb rating of this movie was 7.2 out of
10.
in the beginning of the movie four
characters were introduced first was
daniel he was a street magician and he
used to fool people on the streets
after him we see merit who was a
hypnotist he can hypnotize anyone and
make him or her do whatever he wanted to
in number three we were introduced with
henley she was a stage magician she can
disappear from anywhere and again
reappear in front of audiences from
anywhere
fourth comes jack and he was also a
street magician and he was an expert on
easily pickpocketing someone or breaking
any locks to fool people
when they were busy someone with a
hoodie followed them
that evening every one of them got a
hermit card in the cards there was
written a date time and name of a place
and that place's address
every one of them reached the address
which was in new york it was an address
of a flat when they were inside they
found flowers letters and a jar
containing water
they picked the flower and poured it
into a jar
water started flowing out from the jar
that water went towards the design on
the floor
in the next moment it was smoke all
around it was a hologram technology this
shocked them there were messages for
everyone on that hologram from here the
story shifted one year later where the
four were performing on a stage show on
las vegas together the name of their
group was the four horsemen from the
stage they told the audience today from
here at this moment we will look at a
bank and they gave everyone paper balls
and with those with a lucky draw they
choose a seat number and the seat number
was 13. the man sitting on that chair
number 13 told them that his bank was in
paris
and the show was in las vegas
the man was called onto the stage
when the man walked on the stage merritt
hypnotized him now the man was in
merit's control
after that they gave the man a unique
helmet to wear and told the audience
that it is a transportation helmet and
he can be delivered anywhere with the
help of his helmet moreover this helmet
has cameras fixed inside it and there's
a mic attached with which we can
communicate with him after this they
told the man to choose a card he signed
that card after this a machine appeared
on the stage the man then stood up at
the machine
suddenly the man disappeared then he
reached to the bank of spain where his
account was
there was a lot of money in front of him
audiences were able to see him with the
help of the camera now he told that
person to put the card and the show
ticket there and after that they told
him to press a button on the helmet he
pressed it and then there was a duck
that opened and the cash started flowing
into the duct a few moments later in las
vegas where the show was happening money
rain started happening there everyone
was happy seeing this and everyone
started catching the money
after this in paris when the bank staff
entered they found that there was no
money left in the vault only they find
there was a las vegas ticket and a card
with a sign
this means they were standing in las
vegas and looted a bank in spain this
was a big robbery
so this case was handed to dylan and
elma they arrested them and also
arrested the man from the audience who
said about his bank in paris
that man from the audience was
investigated first
then he heard someone playing violin he
started to act like a violin player too
alma said he's hypnotized he's of no use
after this when they investigated three
of them told no one anything
after that dylan went to daniel he
warned him to arrest him and daniel said
we want you to chase us but you will
always stay behind us
dylan got angry and he tried to go near
them when daniel was using his trick he
changed his hands free and set the
handcuffs on dylan there was a cold
drink can inside that and there was the
handcuffs key
daniel emptied the coke can and took out
the key but before the cold drink could
damage dylan's phone daniel took it and
gave it back to him
there was no proof against them of the
robbery so the police had to let them
free
now dylan and elma went to thaddeus he
was a magician for a long time but a few
years back he stopped doing magic shows
and he runs a tv program in which he
exposes magicians tricks
he says 30 years back in the beginning
he exposed a magician lionel shrikes all
tricks after that his career ended
but after a year he made a comeback he
locked himself in a box and the box was
thrown under the river but he was unable
to open the box and for this reason he
died
but i was not at all responsible for his
death
lionel shrike was not fully prepared to
perform that trick
after that thaddeus gave dylan the
ticket for the next show of the four
horsemen dylan asked him how they did
the trick of looting the bank
thaddeus took them to the place where
the trick started
thaddeus told the man they chose from
the audience they started observing them
previously
after that he was hypnotized after that
he took dylan to the machine from where
he was transported
when the machine closes the chamber
opens on the floor and dylan slides down
the stage under the stage there was a
duplicate copy of the paris bank which
was looted
dylan asked how the money is looted
thaddeus said when the people were
transferring money in the bank the four
hypnotized them and changed all the
money they were all false notes together
they put the man's sign card which they
previously hypnotized him and signed
that card so that everything was placed
properly for the trick
those notes were special notes which
burn automatically after some time those
were ash and smokeless paper notes
that's how they placed the trick
the four became very famous that's why
for their next show they left for france
dylan and elma also reached france then
we've seen thaddeus on the tv show which
he tells about a secret organization
i
he told that the people of the i
organization fought against the social
disorganizations
some people think i is there some don't
believe
after the show arthur came there arthur
was that businessman who used to fund
the four horsemen shows he told thaddeus
to stop doing his show in exchange he
can give so much money that he can't
even earn within a year
thaddeus refused his offer
they stood against each other
on the evening the four horsemen show
begins where thaddeus dylan and elma
were present
elma said to dylan i think lionel shrike
is behind them because three years
previously when he locked himself in the
box and he died but nobody found his
dead body
dylan had no answer for this to respond
the show begins when henley brought a
rabbit
she opens a box puts it inside and
closes the box
daniel opens the box and the rabbit
disappears everyone was surprised daniel
said it was a trick they took a mirror
out from the box and said to the
audience this mirror created the
illusion to look like the rabbit
disappeared but the rabbit was inside
the box after this merritt told the
audience to take out the paper on which
you've written your bank balance as i
told you everyone takes out their papers
merritt told some of the audience to
stand up and ask them their bank balance
he told everyone to stick that paper on
their forehead now he brings the show
financer arthur on the stage
he then said arthur has more than 144
million dollars in his bank
after that they brought a big check in
the stage on which the amount was
written that was on arthur's bank
now he told the audience to spread
flashlights on their papers everyone
started to do that
they also spread flashlights on arthur's
check
after that seventy thousand dollars was
debited from arthur's account and a
woman found her amount on the paper had
increased with seventy thousand dollars
like this many people's amount on the
paper increased
now they told the audience that they are
all invited to the show specifically for
a reason
you all have lost someone or you all
have faced trouble in your life and you
all have taken insurance from the same
company that company's owner is arthur
and he has never returned your money nor
your respect
he cheated you that's the reason we
organized this show
suddenly an audience from the gallery
said i got a message from the bank the
account got credited in my account
after that everyone started saying the
same thing the money transfer started
happening in everyone's phones arthur
now understood the reason of the show
and he realized he was tricked
for the people who didn't get their
rights these four have returned them
their money back
actually before the show they managed to
ask arthur a few questions by which
they've hacked his bank password by
tricks now they all left from there
elmo was chasing daniel there was a
moment that she could have shot him but
she didn't shoot
on the other hand dylan was still
chasing them actually a tracking device
was installed on them he was chasing
that but later he realized he was only
chasing them because the tracking device
was found in his own pocket
this is how all four of them left dylan
got insulted for this he now suspected
elma because she got a chance to shoot
daniel but she didn't alma said she was
innocent that's why i didn't shoot him
the next day dylan's mobile was damaged
when he opens the mobile he found a chip
inside
actually when dylan was investigating
daniel inside the cell daniel had
changed his mobile and now the four had
heard everything from dylan
with that they also hacked and read all
his mails and messages
dylan said keep the mobile intact and
start tracking my mobile because the
mobile is with them the four were in an
apartment in new york
there they broke dylan's first mobile
after that they told jack to burn all
the papers and then go down then they
watched from the window that dylan elma
and the fbi have reached there three of
them left and jack started burning the
papers dylan reached there jack and
dylan fought
jack somehow managed to escape with the
fbi car
dylan and elma chase him then jack's car
went in front of a bus and he crashed
his car in the accident his car caught
on fire dylan rushed toward the car and
took out the paper from jack's car and
after that the car exploded in which
jack died
now it was informed dylan that the paper
he got from jack's car has the details
of a company named alcom
in its locker safe there they have a few
million dollars
now they understood that their crime
will be looting the locker safe the
department head told dylan that they had
used his phone to gather the information
so he was suspended from this case the
case was handed over to his colleague
now the fbi team reached the place where
there was a safe with a million dollars
they went there and found there was no
safe
the man present there told them that his
boss ordered him to move the safe to
another place
hearing this his boss got angry because
he didn't order anything like that after
that he started playing imaginary violin
fbi understood that he was hypnotized
now they all started chasing a truck
because that just started its journey
they soon reached the truck
but the agent who had this case ordered
to leave the truck to complete its
destination because it will help them
reaching the four of them
now dylan and his two agents sat inside
the truck
then dylan watched a video on youtube in
which they have announced the date of
their new show
and the show was going to take place
where the truck was heading the truck
stopped at the entrance of the show
stage
a girl came to open the truck
thaddeus came there
actually that girl worked with thaddeus
dylan thought the instructor of those
four people was thaddeus he thought
thaddeus was the fifth horseman
that he has told him that those four
have again fooled him with tricks
this is the place where lionel shrike
made his first show you have to open
this truck
when they opened the safe there was only
balloons it was not that safe with a
million dollars
on the other hand the audience started
cheering for the show they understood
it's going to begin
everyone started running towards the
stage
now we can see the big balloons have
turned into 3d screens by using advanced
technology there was a light on top of
the building they understood that they
will all appear there
now the three are shown they have taken
the lift and they were talking about i
this means they really work for the eye
now the fbi also reached the building to
catch them they saw it was their dummy
dolls
and they landed on another building
floor and started talking with people
a few moments later the three jumped
from that building and when they jumped
they're converted into dollars
actually this was part of the technology
it was a recorded program in which
people thought they transformed into
money
with that transformation it started to
rain money this means that the three
have managed to escape again
dylan was very upset but he was already
suspended from the case
then one of his members brought a note
to him and said it's all false notes
on the other hand thaddeus went towards
his car in the parking lot when he
unlocked his car doors dollars started
flowing out from his car
the fbi team came there and arrested
thaddeus for looting the safe and
helping the four
in jail dylan came to meet thaddeus he
told the guard that he wanted to speak
with him personally he went inside the
cell and asked him how the loot was done
thaddeus replied do you remember that
rabbit trick in which the rabbit was
inside the box
only by mirrors it's hidden
in this trick they've done the same
when you reach that place where the
locker was with the help of a mirror
they have hidden it the mirror in the
locker was in its place when you all
left that place they all looted the
place and this loot was done by jack
dylan was surprised and said jack died
in the car accident
thaddeus said jack never died when his
car went in front of the bus the driver
of the bus was his partner and he
changed his car and the changed car
already had a dead body inside
and so the police thought that jack died
while jack was still alive
thaddeus said i don't know if they
didn't want the money then why did they
take such a risk
dylan said this is all related with
lionel shrike's case
you ruined his career by revealing his
magic tricks the bank that those four in
the beginning looted was the bank that
didn't give lionel strikes insurance
money but the bank did nothing arthur's
insurance company did the same thing
they didn't give them their claim
he tells about the eye organization and
said it takes only those magicians who
are truthful
then thaddeus noticed dylan disappeared
from the cell and he was outside the
cell
now thaddeus understood that the full
name of dylan is dylan shrike and he was
the son of lionel shrike and the
mastermind behind these four was none
other than dylan dylan said to enjoy the
rest of his life in jail because of him
his father's career ended on the other
hand we can see jack who was alive he
met his three members and they went to a
place where many years previously
dylan's father lionel shrike fixed a car
inside a tree
here dylan comes to meet them and
congratulated them and said you have all
done well now welcome to i
now this means they are part of the i
organization
the next day dylan went to meet elma and
told her the whole truth
he said when my father died i was 12
years old and for the last 30 years i
practiced this actually they loved each
other elma understood him and after that
they locked a lock and threw that key on
the river
with this the movie ended
to watch more explanations like this one
click on the videos on your screen and
don't forget to let me know how you feel
about today's story in the comments down
below i will be back to you again with
another explanation
till then stay safe stay well thanks